Topic:
	Environmental problems are as big as not for individual country or individual people to address. In other word, we have reached the stage that environmental problems be solved for international view. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
	In recent years, many nations have become more aware of the environmental issues each nation faces, such as air and water pollution. The question is, are the environmental issues a national problem or an international problem? It is my belief that the environmental issues have grown to the point of becoming an international problem needing international cooperation to resolve.
	Because of the differences in environmental policies, resources and technology, international cooperation could provide quicker results and have a greater impact on bringing resolution to environmental problems for nations of differing environmental policies and of lesser resources and technology. By pooling international resources and technology to address the environmental problems, the disadvantaged nations are provided the assistance needed. Otherwise their environmental conditions deteriorate ultimately affecting the resources and environment of the world as a whole.
	One of the difficulities to an international resolution to environmental issues is the difference in individual nations view and policies toward environmental protection. In order for international cooperation to occur and succeed, the nations of the world must submit themselved to international standards and supervision by an international commission elected by the participating nations of the world. All members must agree to abide by the standards established.
	The environmental issues facing each country are not unrelated to the well being of the rest of the world. The impact is long term and international in scope. Without international cooperation and agreement to address such environmental issues as glacial melting at the South Pole, depletion of the ozone layer, water pollution, air polution, etc., the environmental conditions of the world will deteriorate to the detriment of every nation, not just those that ignore or lack the resources and technology to resolve their individual environmental problems.
	As part of the same planet, it is the responsibility of each individual and nation to protect the global environment. Only international cooperation will provide the timely solutions and the effectiveness needed to stop the deteriorating global environment.